French field

Column

Description

Explanation

Mois

Month

Month

Reporting month to which the financial data relates.

Primes assurance HT – Primes HT émises

Issued Premiums Excluding Tax

Issued premiums excluding tax

Total insurance premiums issued before taxes during the reporting period.

Primes assurance HT – Annulations primes HT

Cancelled Premiums Excluding Tax

Cancelled premiums excluding tax

Total value of cancelled insurance premiums before taxes.

Primes assurance HT – Primes HT Nettes

Net Premiums Excluding Tax

Net premiums excluding tax

Net insurance premiums excluding tax after deducting cancellations.

Taxes d’assurance – Taxes d’assurance

Insurance Tax

Insurance tax

Total insurance tax applied to the issued premiums.

Taxes d’assurance – Annulations de taxes d’assurance

Cancelled Insurance Tax

Cancelled insurance tax

Total value of cancelled insurance taxes.

Primes assurance TTC (Primes HT nettes + Taxes - Annulations de Taxes)

Premiums Including Tax

Premiums including tax

Total insurance premiums including taxes, calculated as net premiums excluding tax plus taxes minus cancelled taxes.

Commissions d’apport BPLS – Commissions sur CA

BPLS Acquisition Commission

BPLS acquisition commission

Acquisition commissions calculated on the business turnover (CA).

Commissions d’apport BPLS – Annulations de commissions

Cancelled BPLS Acquisition Commission

Cancelled BPLS acquisition commission

Total value of cancelled acquisition commissions.

Commissions d’apport BPLS – Commissions nettes d’annulations

Net BPLS Acquisition Commission

Net BPLS acquisition commission

Net acquisition commissions after deducting cancellations.

Commissions de gestion Verlingue – Commissions sur CA 11%

Verlingue Management Commission (11%)

Verlingue management commission (11%)

Management commission payable to Verlingue, calculated at 11% of the business turnover.

Commissions de gestion Verlingue – Annulations de commissions

Cancelled Verlingue Management Commission

Cancelled Verlingue management commission

Total value of cancelled management commissions.

Commissions de gestion Verlingue – Commissions nettes d’annulations

Net Verlingue Management Commission

Net Verlingue management commission

Net management commissions after deducting cancellations.

Prestations réglées par

Claims Paid By

Claims paid by

Identifies the entity responsible for paying insurance claims or benefits.

Montant du virement effectué

Transfer Amount

Transfer amount

Amount transferred to the recipient as part of the financial settlement.

Provisions pour sinistres connus

Outstanding Claims Provision

Outstanding claims provision

Financial provision established for known reported claims that have not yet been fully settled.
